If you ever want to call a family meeting, just turn off the WIFI router and wait in the room in which it is located.

Boy: "I got an F in arithmetic." Father: "Why?" Boy: "The teacher asked 'How much is 2×3?' and I said '6'" Father: "But that's right!" Boy: "Then she asked me 'How much is 3×2?'" Father: "What's the fucking difference?" Boy: "That's exactly what I said!"

Teacher : whoever answers my next question, can go home. One boy throws his bag out the window Teacher : who just threw that?! Boy : Me! I’m going home now.

Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.

A new teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses. She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks they're stupid, stand up!" After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.  The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?" "No, ma'am, but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself!"

A wife send her husband an sms on a cold winter evening: "Windows frozen". The husband send answer back: "Pour some warm water over them". Some time later husband receives answer from his wife: "The computer is completely fucked now".

Little Johnny comes running into the house and asks, "Mommy, can little girls have babies?"  "No," says his mom, "of course not."  Little Johnny runs back outside yelling to his friends, "It's okay, we can play that game again!"

Hey! Wanna make $$$$$$ fast? Just follow my simple instructions. 1:Hold down the Shift key 2:Press the number 4 four times. It’s that easy.

If people could see the face I make when I read their facebook status updates, they would probably unfriend me.

I love it when someone’s laugh is funnier than the joke.

Brain is a wonderful organ. It starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.

It’s not true that I had nothing ON….. The radio was ON. :)

There are two types of human beings found on Facebook. One who gets enormous amount of likes and comments on their posts. And the others are men.

I wonder what happens when doctor’s wife eats an apple a day. :)

I hate people who steal my ideas, before I think of them.

I never let my best friend do stupid things … alone.

I did in the bed. I did it on the couch. I did it in the car. Texting is such an obsession. :)

How to sleep faster: Decorate your bedroom to look like a classroom.

Boyfriend: Do you think my salary is sufficient for you? Girlfriend: It’s sufficient for me but how will you survive?

Perfect boyfriend : Does not drink, does not smoke, does not cheat and also Does not exist :P

You dont realise how many clothes you have, until you wash them.

A hot secretary came angrily out of boss cabin. Her colleague asked: What Happened? You went inside in a happy mood. She replied: He asked me are you free tonight? I said absolutely free. That bastard gave me 45 pages to type!

My parents told me: “You’ve got to stop watching so much TV, and read more!” so I turned on the subtitles.

I never make the same mistake twice. Three, four times maybe. But never twice.

I think all woman can agree that bigger is better. Nobody wants a small bank account.

Those 8 seconds really become so longer when you wait for "Skip" option button on video sharing site!

Him: I kiss my Wife everyday before I leave for Office, what about you?
Me : Me too, after you leave!!

I had a dream I was eating a giant marshmallow, when I woke up my pillow was missing!

A man telephoned the airline office and asked, “How long does it take to fly to Boston?” The clerk said, “Just a minute…” “Thank you,” the man said and hung up.

Wife: Dear, this computer is not working as per my command.
Husband: Exactly darling!
its a computer, not a Husband..!!

Dear Computer User,
I Do Appreciate Your Kind Attitude Towards
The Keys 0f Keyboard,
But
0ne question…
Why Do You Press All Keys Softly n Hit Me
With All Your Power?
Yours sincerely,
‘ENTER’ Key!

"Can I tell you a TCP Joke?"
 "Yes, Please tell me a TCP Joke."
 "Ok, I'll tell you a TCP Joke."

I can tell you a UDP joke but you might not get it.

Customer: Once I do that, I'll get the internet on my computer, right?
Support Guy: Yes!
Customer: And will that be the latest version of the internet?

You know you are a network engineer when your dog barks and you swear he's saying, "ARP ARP!". 

Husband says; "When I'm gone you'll never find another man like me".
Wife replied; "What makes you think I'd want another man?"

A woman walks up to a guy in a blue bathing suit and says, "Did you know your eyes match your swim trunks?" He says, "Why? Are my eyes bulging?"

Innkeeper: The room is $15. a night. It's $5. if you make your own bed.
Guest: I'll make my own bed.
Innkeeper: Good. I'll get you some nails and wood.

Love thy neighbor all through the day... but first make sure her husband's away!

"Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud." "Yes sir, it's fresh ground."

Wife: Give me some money. I want to buy a bra.
Husband: Why? You have nothing to put in it!
Wife: You wear shorts!

A lady says to the psychiatrist, "I think I might be a nymphomaniac." He says, "I'll see what I can do to help you. My fee is eighty dollars an hour." She says, "How much for all night?"

A couple is lying in bed. The man says, "I am going to make you the happiest woman in the world" The woman says, "I'll miss you."

A man speaks frantically into the phone, "My wife is pregnant, and her contractions are only two minutes apart!" "Is this her first child?" the doctor queries. "No, you idiot!" the man shouts. "This is her husband!"

Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too. And be sure the glass is clean!"
(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas. Which one had the clean glass?"

"Got anything to eat, lady?" asked the tramp.
"Do you mind eating last week's leftovers?"
"Not at all."
"Good. Come back next week then"

Were do people with 1 leg work? At IHOP!

TEACHER: John, why are you doing your math multiplication on the floor? 
BOY: You told me to do it without using tables.

Going 2 d toilet is like an argument wiv ur GF. u start wiv lots of tension, sit,express ur feelings, create a lot of noise and finally. DROP THE MATTER..

A man in Hell asked Devil:Can I make a call to my Wife?After making call he asked how much to pay.Devil: Nothing, Hell to hell is Free.
